The following questions asked in various interview recently in Bengaluru.

SaltSide.se - Backend Engineer, GoLang
1. Questions on Kafka topics, partitions, producer, consumers.
2. Design a thread pool executer/ fork join pool.
3. What design patterns have you used. 
4. Functional programming advantages over functional programming.

AWS - Java
1. Which State do you belong to?
2. Path with largest some in a tree.
3. Rain water clogged between buildings
4. Forgot questions (2 of them) from online coding test, had to solve only in Java, C or C++.


WalmartLabs – Backend Engineer, Java
1. Create one sorted array if you are given three sorted arrays. Use merge part of merge sort.
2. Array containing only 0, 1 and 2 ; sort it. Eg. Input 020120 , output 000122. Do in linear time with dutch national flag algorithm.
3. Given two strings, can you you create second string out of first if you are allowed to only insert/delete/update one of the characters in one of the strings.
4. Matrix DP problems, reach from source to destination with minimum cost, each element in 2D matrix represents the cost. Similar to robot in grid and shortest path problem.
5. URL shortner design.
6. Given train coaches like this reverse order of peseanger coaches upto last luggage coach, symbols: E=engine, P=Pessenger, L=Luggage
7. Input: P1 L1 P2 P3 L2 P4 P5 P6 P7 E
8. Output: P2 L1 P1 P4 L2 P3 P5 P6 P7 

Myntra – Data Engineer
1. How to know if there are overlapping subproblems. 
2. Find an increasing seq of min length 3. Improve the complexity to O(n2), further improve by preprocessing.
3. Heap creation’s time complexity.
4. Functional programming advantages over functional programming.
5. How to find an element in continuous sorted stream.
6. Find median in continuous stream. 
7. Given a stream of reapeating number design a data structure to find 	first non repeating number in O(1) time
8. SQL queries with complex joins, group by and orderby
9. NoSQL vs RDBMS when to choose what.

Domino Data Lab – Scala Engineer
1. Design a thread pool executer/ fork join pool.
2. HackerRank test- print all paths in a DAG

Grofers - Principle Engineer
1. When to choose Microservices over Monolith?
2. The interviewer was continuously interrupting and asking next question without letting me complete the current answer. 
   That’s when I excused myself, I had peace of mind, he had pieces of mind :)
